Perch enc (#11704)
demisto/content: Packs/Perch/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Perch

> - Added filter to fetch incidents which enables you to filter fetched incidents by their soc_status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the *Incident Soc Statuses to Fetch*  integration parameter that enables filtering fetched incidents by their soc_status.
```
